[Docs] Add spot pipeline docs (#2936)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/examples/spot-jobs.rst

  These settings will not take effect if you have an existing controller (either
  stopped or live).  For them to take effect, tear down the existing controller
  first, which requires all in-progress spot jobs to finish or be canceled.

Spot Pipeline
-------------------------

Spot Pipeline is a feature that allows you to submit a spot job that contains a sequence of spot tasks running one after another.
This is useful for running a sequence of jobs that depend on each other, e.g., training a model and then running inference on it.

> This allows the multiple tasks to have different resource requirements to fully utilize the resources and save cost, while keep the burden of managing the tasks off the user. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows the multiple tasks to have different resource requirements to fully utilize the resources and save cost, while keeping the burden of managing the tasks off the user. 
```

Perhaps add a note that all tasks in a pipeline are run on spot instances and we currently don't support on-demand instances for Spot Pipeline.

To use Spot Pipeline, you can specify the sequence of jobs in a YAML file. Here is an example:

.. code-block:: yaml

  name: pipeline

>   ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ---
  
```

Spot Pipeline is a feature that allows you to submit a spot job that contains a sequence of spot tasks running one after another.
This is useful for running a sequence of jobs that depend on each other, e.g., training a model and then running inference on it.
This allows the multiple tasks to have different resource requirements to fully utilize the resources and save cost, while keeping the burden of managing the tasks off the user. 

.. note::

>   A job is submitted by :code:`sky spot launch`, it can be a single task or a pipeline of tasks.
>   
>   All tasks in a pipeline will be run on spot instances. SkyPilot do not support using on-demand instances for pipelines yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A job is either a single task or a pipeline of tasks, submitted by :code:`sky spot launch`.
  
  All tasks in a pipeline will be run on spot instances.
```
(Removing the on-demand note as Kapa may misunderstand it.)

Author: Thanks for the change! I changed `job` to `spot job` to avoid the confusion with a normal job. Also, I explicitly say that `a spot job is submitted by sky spot launch`, as the original one can be a bit confusing whether it is the task or the job that is submitted by `sky spot launch`.
